[Doc] Add link to paper in readme (#1298)
pytorch/rl: README.md

On the low-level end, torchrl comes with a set of highly re-usable functionals for [cost functions](torchrl/objectives/costs), [returns](torchrl/objectives/returns) and data processing.

> TorchRL aims at (1) a high modularity and (2) good runtime performance. Read the full paper here: https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.00577. 

Reviewer: why not 
```suggestion
TorchRL aims at (1) a high modularity and (2) good runtime performance. Read the [full paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.00577) for a more curated description of the library.
```
or something similar?
